Sub section to intro course (#44)
open-sauced/intro: 10-Types-of-contributions.md

Reviewer: Let's make this section 07 and rename the file to reflect that update. Make sure you don't capitalize the file name. So it should look like this:

`07-types-of-contributions.md`

Changing the name will require you to also make these updates:

- Change the names of 07-conclusion.md to be `08-conclusion.md`, `08-additional-resources.md` to `09-additional-resources.md` and `09-glossary.md` to `10-glossary.md`

# Types of contributions
In this chapter, we will discuss the types of contributions that open-source projects involve.

> Mostly, there are two types of contributions. Which are;

Reviewer: You can remove "Which are;" and just have a colon at the end of the previous sentence

Mostly, there are two types of contributions:

- Non-coding type of contribution

- Coding type of contribution

>    ## A. Non-Coding Type Of Contributions

Reviewer: You can remove the A.

  
  Non-coding contributions do not involve writing or modifying code. Non-coding contributions are essential for the sustainability and growth of open-source projects. They allow individuals with a variety of skills and backgrounds to participate and make meaningful contributions to the software and the community.

 ### Common types of non-coding contributions
 
  - Documentation
  - Graphic design
  - Blog writing

### Documentation

> Are you a lover of words? Do grammar errors irritate you, like seeing pineapple on pizza? Then, documentation is for you! 

Reviewer: This is great. Let's also add the following after the pineapple line:

Do you like breaking down complex problems or helping people learn?

This involves creating, improving, or maintaining the written resources that accompany open-source software projects. Contrary to popular belief, documentation is crucial to open-source projects. It can make a project more accessible and user-friendly, and it can help attract new contributors.

### How to Contribute to Documentation

*If you're interested in contributing to documentation, here are a few tips:*

- **Read the documentation**: This will help you understand how the product is used.
  

> - **Find a task that's a good fit for your skills and interests**: If you're not sure where to start, ask the project's maintainers for suggestions.

Reviewer: I would recommend looking at the issues or discussions before reaching out to a maintainer.

  
- **Use the product**: Gaining user insight will help you see which information is needed or not useful in the docs.
  
- **Be patient and persistent**: It takes time to write good documentation. Don't be afraid to ask for help if you get stuck.
  

> #### Here are some specific examples of documentation contributions:

Reviewer: There's a lot of white space in this section. Let's address that by putting example and the link on the same line.

Example: [Create a Bootstrap Example ](https://github.com/Mirrorful/mirrorful/pull/321)

Reviewer: I also wonder if it would be easier to follow if it were a numbered list. Or even a chart. 

@CBID2 what do you think?

- Writing a README file that explains how to install and use the project
  

*Example*

> [Create a Bootstrap Example ](https://github.com/Mirrorful/mirrorful/pull/321)

Reviewer: This looks like an example and not a readme. You can use Open-Sauced App as an example of a Readme: https://github.com/open-sauced/app

Reviewer: It seems like the examples aren't linking up to the bullet points that I expect. 

I wonder, too, if it makes more sense to link the finished product ( readme, blogpost, chart) rather than the issue. Or maybe both.

Author: It seems like the examples aren't linking up to the bullet points that I expect.

I wonder, too, if it makes more sense to link the finished product ( readme, blogpost, chart) rather than the issue. Or maybe both.

@BekahHW and @CBID2 , what examples would you suggest I should use here?

- Creating a tutorial that walks users through the project's features

*Example*

[Adding chart](https://github.com/rupali-codes/LinksHub/pull/1632#event-10288094144)

- Updating the project's documentation to reflect new changes

*Example*

[Add Dev Cards to Getting Started](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/156)

- Translating the project's documentation into other languages
  
*Example*

[Translate the course into another language](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/issues/16)

- Fixing typos and grammatical errors in the documentation

*Example*

[Adding information about possessives
](https://github.com/StyleGuides/WritingStyleGuide/pull/519)

- Improving the formatting of the documentation

*Example*
  

> [  Incorrect Link Destination in Documentation
> ](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Incorrect Link Destination in Documentation](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)
```

Author: @CBID2 , I've corrected it.

- Adding missing information to the documentation

*Example*

[Add More Information to Use This Template in the README
](https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)

Contributing to documentation is a great way to help open-source projects and make them more accessible to everyone. If you have the skills and the interest, I encourage you to get involved!

### Graphic Design

Graphic design is a type of open-source contribution that involves creating visual assets, such as logos, icons, illustrations, website designs, and other graphical elements, for open-source projects. These visual assets play a significant role in enhancing the overall user experience and branding of the project. Graphic design contributions are important because they can make open-source software more appealing, user-friendly, and recognizable.

 ### Different graphic design open-source contributions 
 
 - **Logo and Branding**: Designing a unique and memorable logo for an open-source project can help establish its identity and brand. A well-designed logo can make the project instantly recognizable and give it a professional image.

*Example*

> [Insights on social card generation](https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)

Reviewer: I don't think this matches up with logo and branding. It's ok if you can't find an example. That's tricky.

*Example*

[Form page UI implemented
](https://github.com/zillBoy/pokemon-app/pull/6)

- **User Experience (UX) Design**: UX designers focus on improving the overall user experience by considering how users interact with the software. This includes designing user flows, navigation, and usability testing.

*Example*

 [Improved the user experience of the highlights input form](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1362)

- **Accessibility Design**: Ensuring that the project's graphical elements are accessible to all users, including those with disabilities, is an important aspect of graphic design. Designers can create accessible color schemes and ensure that visual elements are perceivable and operable.

*Example*

[Redesign footer
](https://github.com/cesko-digital/pomahejukrajine-web/pull/222)

- **Responsive Design**: Designing visuals that work well on various devices and screen sizes is crucial for modern web applications. Responsive design ensures that the project looks good and functions properly on both desktop and mobile devices

*Example* 

[Enhance feed layout responsiveness 

> ](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1553)

Reviewer: This is still in the non-coding section, but a lot of the examples are coding. I think the most straightforward thing to do would be to remove the examples. You can have a list of different types. This might be helpful: https://dev.to/opensauced/how-to-contribute-to-open-source-without-knowing-how-to-code-a-guide-with-project-suggestions-59e5

> ### Blog Writing

Reviewer: I think one important thing to mention here is that writing about an oss project creates more visibility for the project and the maintainer, which can lead to better discoverability and support.

Blog writing as a type of open-source contribution involves creating and publishing blog posts, articles, or tutorials related to open-source software, projects, technologies, or best practices. Like documentation, you don't necessarily have to know how to code to write these posts. 
 

### Ways to use Blogging as a Open Source Contribution

> - You can write about the latest features of an open-source project, such as a new version of the software or a new plugin.

Reviewer: See the comment in one of the previous sections about removing whitespace.

I would stick to examples of different types listed.

1. blog post
2. tutorial
3. Product announcement
4. how to use the product guide

Author: @BekahHW , where do you suggest I should put these lists?

Thanks.

# Types of contributions
In this chapter, we will discuss the types of contributions that open-source projects involve.

Mostly, there are two types of contributions. Which are;

- Non-coding type of contribution

- Coding type of contribution

   ## A. Non-Coding Type Of Contributions
  
  Non-coding contributions do not involve writing or modifying code. Non-coding contributions are essential for the sustainability and growth of open-source projects. They allow individuals with a variety of skills and backgrounds to participate and make meaningful contributions to the software and the community.

>   ### *Here are some common types of non-coding contributions:*

Reviewer 2: You missed this one @Lymah123

- Writing a README file that explains how to install and use the project
  

*Example*

[Create a Bootstrap Example ](https://github.com/Mirrorful/mirrorful/pull/321)

- Creating a tutorial that walks users through the project's features

*Example*

[Adding chart
](https://github.com/rupali-codes/LinksHub/pull/1632#event-10288094144)

- Updating the project's documentation to reflect new changes

*Example*

[Add Dev Cards to Getting Started](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/156)

- Translating the project's documentation into other languages
  
*Example*

[Translate the course into another language](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/issues/16)

- Fixing typos and grammatical errors in the documentation

*Example*

[Adding information about possessives
](https://github.com/StyleGuides/WritingStyleGuide/pull/519))

- Improving the formatting of the documentation

*Example*
  
[  Incorrect Link Destination in Documentation
](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)
- Adding missing information to the documentation

*Example*

[Add More Information to Use This Template in the README
](https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)

> *Contributing to documentation is a great way to help open-source projects and make them more accessible to everyone. If you have the skills and the interest, I encourage you to get involved!*

Reviewer 2: And this one too @Lymah123

- Creating a tutorial that walks users through the project's features

*Example*

[Adding chart
]([url](https://github.com/rupali-codes/LinksHub/pull/1632#event-10288094144)https://github.com/rupali-codes/LinksHub/pull/1632#event-10288094144)

- Updating the project's documentation to reflect new changes

*Example*

[Add Dev Cards to Getting Started]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/156)https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/156)

- Translating the project's documentation into other languages
  
*Example*

[Translate the course into another language]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/issues/16)https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/issues/16)

- Fixing typos and grammatical errors in the documentation

*Example*

[Adding information about possessives
]([url](https://github.com/StyleGuides/WritingStyleGuide/pull/519))

- Improving the formatting of the documentation

  *Example*
  
[  Incorrect Link Destination in Documentation
]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)

- Adding missing information to the documentation

*Example*

> [

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

> Add More Information to Use This Template in the README]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add More Information to Use This Template in the README(https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)
```

*Contributing to documentation is a great way to help open-source projects and make them more accessible to everyone. If you have the skills and the interest, I encourage you to get involved!*

### GRAPHIC DESIGN

Graphic design is a type of open-source contribution that involves creating visual assets, such as logos, icons, illustrations, website designs, and other graphical elements, for open-source projects. These visual assets play a significant role in enhancing the overall user experience and branding of the project. Graphic design contributions are important because they can make open-source software more appealing, user-friendly, and recognizable.

 ### *Here are some aspects of graphic design as a type of open-source contribution:*

 - **Logo and Branding**: Designing a unique and memorable logo for an open-source project can help establish its identity and brand. A well-designed logo can make the project instantly recognizable and give it a professional image.

*Example*

> [Insights on social card generation]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)
> 
> - **Icon Design**: Icons are essential for user interfaces. Graphic designers can create custom icons for software applications or websites, improving the visual appeal and usability of the project.
> 
> *Example*
> 
>  [Redesign footer]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Insights on social card generation](https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)

- **Icon Design**: Icons are essential for user interfaces. Graphic designers can create custom icons for software applications or websites, improving the visual appeal and usability of the project.

*Example*

 [Redesign footer](https://github.com/open-sauced/opengraph/pull/51)
```

 - **Website Design**: Open source projects often have websites to provide information, documentation, and download links. Graphic designers can contribute by designing website layouts, graphics, banners, and other visual elements to make the site more attractive and user-friendly.

*Example*

> [Add highlights to the user profile page]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/859)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/859)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Add highlights to the user profile page](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/859)
```

- **User Interface (UI) Design**: For software projects, UI design is crucial. Designers can create mockups, wireframes, and high-fidelity designs for the user interface, making it more intuitive and visually appealing.

*Example*

> [Form page UI implemented
> ]([url](https://github.com/zillBoy/pokemon-app/pull/6)https://github.com/zillBoy/pokemon-app/pull/6)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Form page UI implemented
](https://github.com/zillBoy/pokemon-app/pull/6)
```

- **User Experience (UX) Design**: UX designers focus on improving the overall user experience by considering how users interact with the software. This includes designing user flows, navigation, and usability testing.

*Example*

>  [Improved the user experience of the highlights input form]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1362)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1362)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 [Improved the user experience of the highlights input form](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1362)
```

- **Accessibility Design**: Ensuring that the project's graphical elements are accessible to all users, including those with disabilities, is an important aspect of graphic design. Designers can create accessible color schemes and ensure that visual elements are perceivable and operable.

*Example*

[Redesign footer

> ]([url](https://github.com/cesko-digital/pomahejukrajine-web/pull/222)https://github.com/cesko-digital/pomahejukrajine-web/pull/222)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
](https://github.com/cesko-digital/pomahejukrajine-web/pull/222)
```

- **Responsive Design**: Designing visuals that work well on various devices and screen sizes is crucial for modern web applications. Responsive design ensures that the project looks good and functions properly on both desktop and mobile devices

*Example* 

[Enhance feed layout responsiveness 

> ]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1553)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1553)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1553)
```

### BLOG WRITING

> Blog writing as a type of open-source contribution involves creating and publishing blog posts, articles, or tutorials related to open-source software, projects, technologies, or best practices. These written contributions serve various purposes within the open-source community and can be valuable in several ways.
> 
> Blog writing can be a great way to contribute to open-source projects, even if you don't have any coding skills. You can write about your experiences using the project or about the latest developments in the project. You can also write about the project's history, its community, or its impact on the world.
> 
> Contributing blog posts to open-source projects or community websites is a valuable way to share knowledge, support the community, and raise awareness about important topics. It can also help open-source projects reach a wider audience and attract new contributors. Many open-source communities welcome blog contributions and have established platforms or publications where contributors can share their insights and expertise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Blog writing as a type of open-source contribution involves creating and publishing blog posts, articles, or tutorials related to open-source software, projects, technologies, or best practices. Like documentation, you don't necessarily have to know how to code to write these posts. Here are some ways you can use blogging to contribute:

- Reflect on your experiences as a contributor
- Describe and review the project’s latest updates
- Mentioning the project when raising awareness about certain topics or in a guide on how to get started in open source.
 

```

### *Here are some specific examples of how blog writing can be used to contribute to open-source projects:*

> - A blog post could be written about the latest features of an open-source project, such as a new version of the software or a new plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

*Example* 

[Announcing the 0.2.0 release of Analog]([url](https://dev.to/analogjs/announcing-the-020-release-of-analog-aa1)https://dev.to/analogjs/announcing-the-020-release-of-analog-aa1)

> - A blog post could be written about how to use an open-source project, such as a tutorial on how to install and configure the software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

*Example*

[How To Make a Delicious Contributing Guide]([url](https://dev.to/opensauced/how-to-make-a-delicious-contributing-guide-4bp3)https://dev.to/opensauced/how-to-make-a-delicious-contributing-guide-4bp3)

> - A blog post could be written about the impact of an open-source project, such as how it has been used to make a difference in the world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

*Example*

[Retaining the best engineers]([url](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/retaining-the-best-engineers)https://opensauced.pizza/blog/retaining-the-best-engineers)

> - A blog post could be written on how to navigate your way around open-source as a new contributor, such as how to get started with open-source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

*Example*

[Open Source 101: A Beginner's Guide to Getting Started]([url](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/open-source-101-a-beginner's-guide-to-getting-started)https://opensauced.pizza/blog/open-source-101-a-beginner's-guide-to-getting-started)

## B. Coding Type Of Contributions

> Coding contributions in the context of open-source software development involve writing, modifying, or improving the actual source code of an open-source project. These contributions are at the core of open-source development and are crucial for building and maintaining software

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Coding contributions in the context of open-source software development involve writing, modifying, or improving the actual source code of an open-source project.
```

Coding contributions are the heart of open-source development, as they directly impact the functionality and quality of the software. Contributors collaborate with project maintainers and the community to ensure that their code contributions align with project goals and coding standards. Open-source projects typically have guidelines and processes for accepting and integrating coding contributions, such as code reviews and continuous integration.

### *Here are some specific examples of how coding can be used to contribute to open-source projects:*

- **Writing New Code**: This is the most common type of coding contribution. Developers write new code to add features, fix bugs, or enhance the functionality of an open-source project. These contributions are typically submitted in the form of pull requests (PRs) or patches.

*Example*

> [Show reactors who reacted to highlights]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1591)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1591)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Show reactors who reacted to highlights](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1591)
```

- **Bug Fixes**: Identifying and fixing bugs is a critical coding contribution. Developers locate issues within the codebase, diagnose the problem, and then write code to correct it. Bug fixes improve the stability and reliability of the software.

*Example*

> [Lint check happening two times on commit
> ]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1635)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1635)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Lint check happening two times on commit
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1635)
```

- **Code Refactoring**:  Refactoring involves restructuring and improving existing code without changing its external behavior. This helps enhance code readability, maintainability, and scalability, which are vital for the long-term health of the project.

*Example*

> [CalcDistanceFromToday function
> ]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1633)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1633)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[CalcDistanceFromToday function
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1633)
```

- **API Design and Maintenance**:  For projects with public APIs, developers can contribute to designing, maintaining, and improving the API to ensure it remains stable and developer-friendly.

*Example*

> [Refresh token
> ]([url](https://github.com/IridiumIdentity/iridium/pull/134)https://github.com/IridiumIdentity/iridium/pull/134)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Refresh token
](https://github.com/IridiumIdentity/iridium/pull/134)
```

- **Feature Development**:  Developers contribute by implementing new features or functionalities in response to user needs or project goals. Feature development often involves planning, designing, and coding new components or capabilities.

*Example* 

> [Added the contact page
> ]([url](https://github.com/TechIsHiring/techishiring-website/pull/53)https://github.com/TechIsHiring/techishiring-website/pull/53)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Added the contact page
](https://github.com/TechIsHiring/techishiring-website/pull/53)
```

- **Performance Optimization**: Coders may work on optimizing the software's performance by refactoring code, improving algorithms, or optimizing resource usage. This type of contribution aims to make the software run more efficiently.

*Example* 

> [Overflows in insights page on md screen size
> ]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1590)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1590)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Overflows in insights page on md screen size
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1590)
```

> - **Testing and Quality Assurance**:Writing automated tests, including unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests, is a coding contribution that ensures software reliability. Testing helps catch and prevent regressions and issues.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Testing and Quality Assurance**: Writing automated tests, including unit tests, integration tests, and end-to-end tests, is a coding contribution that ensures software reliability. Testing helps catch and prevent regressions and issues.
```

*Example* 

> [Add force login component to design system
> ]([url](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1330)https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1330)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Add force login component to design system
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1330)
```

# Types of contributions
In this chapter, we will discuss the types of contributions that open-source projects involve.

Mostly, there are two types of contributions. Which are;

- Non-coding type of contribution

- Coding type of contribution

   ## A. Non-Coding Type Of Contributions
  

>   Non-coding contributions are valuable contributions made to open-source projects that do not involve writing or modifying code. These contributions are essential for the overall health and success of open-source communities and projects. They help improve documentation, user experience, project management, and community engagement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Non-coding contributions do not involve writing or modifying code. Contrary to popular belief, they are essential for the overall health and success of open-source communities and projects. These contributions help improve documentation, user experience, project management, and community engagement.
```

Author: @CBID2 , I have made the correction.

# Types of contributions
In this chapter, we will discuss the types of contributions that open-source projects involve.

Mostly, there are two types of contributions. Which are;

- Non-coding type of contribution

- Coding type of contribution

   ## A. Non-Coding Type Of Contributions
  
  Non-coding contributions do not involve writing or modifying code. Non-coding contributions are essential for the sustainability and growth of open-source projects. They allow individuals with a variety of skills and backgrounds to participate and make meaningful contributions to the software and the community.

  ### *Here are some common types of non-coding contributions:*

  - Documentation
  - Graphic design
  - Blog writing

> ### DOCUMENTATION

Reviewer 2: [proofreading] Avoid using all-caps when writing headings
```suggestion
### Documentation
```

*Example*

[Adding chart
](https://github.com/rupali-codes/LinksHub/pull/1632#event-10288094144)

- Updating the project's documentation to reflect new changes

*Example*

[Add Dev Cards to Getting Started](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/issues/156)

- Translating the project's documentation into other languages
  
*Example*

[Translate the course into another language](https://github.com/open-sauced/intro/issues/16)

- Fixing typos and grammatical errors in the documentation

*Example*

[Adding information about possessives
](https://github.com/StyleGuides/WritingStyleGuide/pull/519))

- Improving the formatting of the documentation

*Example*
  
[  Incorrect Link Destination in Documentation
](https://github.com/open-sauced/docs/pull/144)
- Adding missing information to the documentation

*Example*

[Add More Information to Use This Template in the README
](https://github.com/open-sauced/100-days-of-oss-template/pull/8)

*Contributing to documentation is a great way to help open-source projects and make them more accessible to everyone. If you have the skills and the interest, I encourage you to get involved!*

> ### GRAPHIC DESIGN

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Graphic Design
```

*Example*

[Form page UI implemented
](https://github.com/zillBoy/pokemon-app/pull/6)

- **User Experience (UX) Design**: UX designers focus on improving the overall user experience by considering how users interact with the software. This includes designing user flows, navigation, and usability testing.

*Example*

 [Improved the user experience of the highlights input form](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1362)

- **Accessibility Design**: Ensuring that the project's graphical elements are accessible to all users, including those with disabilities, is an important aspect of graphic design. Designers can create accessible color schemes and ensure that visual elements are perceivable and operable.

*Example*

[Redesign footer
](https://github.com/cesko-digital/pomahejukrajine-web/pull/222)

- **Responsive Design**: Designing visuals that work well on various devices and screen sizes is crucial for modern web applications. Responsive design ensures that the project looks good and functions properly on both desktop and mobile devices

*Example* 

[Enhance feed layout responsiveness 
](https://github.com/open-sauced/app/pull/1553)

> ### BLOG WRITING
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Blog Writing

```

> Blog writing as a type of open-source contribution involves creating and publishing blog posts, articles, or tutorials related to open-source software, projects, technologies, or best practices. Like documentation, you don't necessarily have to know how to code to write these posts. Here are some ways you can use blogging to contribute:
> 
> - Reflect on your experiences as a contributor
> - Describe and review the project’s latest updates
> - Mentioning the project when raising awareness about certain topics or in a guide on how to get started in open source
>  

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading] Since your next heading describes the examples, I think it's best to omit this part.
```suggestion
Blog writing as a type of open-source contribution involves creating and publishing blog posts, articles, or tutorials related to open-source software, projects, technologies, or best practices. Like documentation, you don't necessarily have to know how to code to write these posts. 
```

> ### *Here are some specific examples of how blog writing can be used to contribute to open-source projects:*

Reviewer 2: [Proofreading] Turning this into a sentence instead of heading would be best
```suggestion
Here are some examples of blog writing contributions:*
```

> - A blog post could be written about the latest features of an open-source project, such as a new version of the software or a new plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can write about the latest features of an open-source project, such as a new version of the software or plugin.
```

*Example* 

[Announcing the 0.2.0 release of Analog](https://dev.to/analogjs/announcing-the-020-release-of-analog-aa1)

> - A blog post could be written about how to use an open-source project, such as a tutorial on how to install and configure the software.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Love teaching? You can write a tutorial on how to install and configure the software.
```

*Example*

[How To Make a Delicious Contributing Guide](https://dev.to/opensauced/how-to-make-a-delicious-contributing-guide-4bp3)

- A blog post could be written about the impact of an open-source project, such as how it has been used to make a difference in the world.

*Example*

[Retaining the best engineers](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/retaining-the-best-engineers)

- A blog post could be written on how to navigate your way around open-source as a new contributor, such as how to get started with open-source.

*Example*

[Open Source 101: A Beginner's Guide to Getting Started](https://opensauced.pizza/blog/open-source-101-a-beginner's-guide-to-getting-started)

## B. Coding Type Of Contributions

Coding contributions in the context of open-source software development involve writing, modifying, or improving the actual source code of an open-source project.

> Coding contributions are the heart of open-source development, as they directly impact the functionality and quality of the software. Contributors collaborate with project maintainers and the community to ensure that their code contributions align with project goals and coding standards. Open-source projects typically have guidelines and processes for accepting and integrating coding contributions, such as code reviews and continuous integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These contributions are the heart of open-source development, as they directly impact the functionality and quality of the software. Contributors collaborate with project maintainers and the community to ensure that their code contributions align with project goals and coding standards. Open-source projects typically have guidelines and processes for accepting and integrating coding contributions, such as code reviews and continuous integration.
```

> ### *Here are some specific examples of how coding can be used to contribute to open-source projects:*
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are some examples of contributions you can make to a project with your coding skills:

```
